Update the GUI testing page (#527)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/appendices/guitest.adoc

. Download the latest version of Squish from {squish-url}[froglogic] to a location of your choice.
. Depending upon the version and system you are using, you will get a file like `squish-x.x.x-qtxxx-x64.run`.

> NOTE: For desktop client >= 2.11 and <5, Squish with QT 5.15 is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For Desktop Client >= 2.11 and <5, Squish with QT 5.15 is required.
```

> NOTE: For desktop client >=5, Squish with QT 6.2 is the minimal supported QT version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For Desktop Client >=5, Squish with at least QT 6.2 is required.
```

NOTE: If there are problems with starting Squish, please check the log file `~/.squish/squishlibraryx.log.x`. Also make sure that the `~/squish-for-qt-6.x.x/etc/paths.ini` is user-readable.

> ===== Extra Steps for Infinite Scale or ownCloud server with oauth2

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
===== Extra Steps for Infinite Scale or ownCloud Server with Oauth2
```
